
This repository is to hold Python data files for embedding in an open-source LLM known as the Virtual Interactive Teaching Assistent (VITA).
You will submit your .py files through the following link:

To contribute, choose one or more assignments below to complete. Once you finish your initial coding, please submit the code before fixing any sytax or semantic errors.
We need code that doesn't run or has errors. Please submit your code along the way as you fix any errors. If you never get the code to run without errors, thats fine. We want those files too!
If you do get the code to run successfully, great. Submit that version too. Adding comments to your code would be a huge plus.
After you submit your .py files, they will be evaluated by a Computer Programming instructor. A new text file will be generated that includes the .py code and the instructor comments.
Comments will be written in a manner similar to how the LLM should respond.

Finally, the files will be uploaded to this repository. They will be available publicly for open-source use. Our team will use the files to create embeddings for our LLM.
The embeddings will eventually be stored in a vector database that will be connected to our LLM.

Module 1: Introduction to Python 3

Assignment: M1LAB1
Concepts: Basic input/output and strings
Create a Python program that gets input from the user and stores the input as variables.
The user should be prompted to enter a type of animal and the color of that animal (stored in two separate variables).
The program should then output a sentence including the animal type and color.

Example Output:
If the user inputs cardinal and red, the output should be: The animal called cardinal is a beautiful red color.


Assignment: M1HW1
Concepts: Integers and basic mathematical expressions
Create a program that gets two integers from the user and stores them in two variables.
Using mathematical expressions, recreate the ouput below using the values that the user entered. For the example, assume the user entered the integers 5 and 7, the output should be:

The first number is 5
The second number is 7
Multiplying 5 and 7 results in 35
5 + 7 = 12
5 to the power of 7 results in 78125


Assignment: M1HW2
Concepts: Input/output, strings, and integers
Create a program that simulates depositing and withdrawing money from a bank account. You will use integers to represent whole dollar amounts. Do not use decimals. 
The program should do the following:

Get name of account holder from user
Get initial balance in bank account
Display account holder's name and the inital account balance
Prompt user to enter an integer representing an amount to deposit into the account
Display output showing the deposit into the account
Display the account balance
Prompt user to enter an integer representing an amount to deposit into the account
Display output showing the deposit into the account
Display the account balance
Prompt user to enter an integer representing an amount to withdraw from the account
Display the account holder's name and the final account balance

Example of Program running with example input (blank lines should be included in output) :

Enter the account holder's name: John Smith
Enter the initial bank balance: 1000
John Smith's account balance: $1000

How much will you deposit into the account? 200
Successfully deposited $200
John Smith's account balance: $1200

How much will you withdraw from the account? 500
Successfully withdrew $500
John Smith's account balance: $700
